Alrighty, so what we're going to do now
is take a quick tour of the HTML file,
look at the actual HTML source code for the template,
just so we can get a little bit familiar
with how the file is created or constructed.
So let's go ahead and open up the home.html
in a text editor.
So we know here at the head section,
they have a reference to CSS frameworks
like Bootstrap and Fontawesome.
They're loading them from the web.
We'll change text and load them using NPM.
And just in case you're not aware of Fontawesome,
it's a collection of glyph icons.
We are using it for the shopping cart icon
in our application and we may use more icons in the future
depending on our requirements.
And then also, here is a reference here
to our local custom CSS styles
specific for our given application.
And then we also have a reference to our fav icon.
The fav icon's a little logo that shows up
on the browser tab.
So we'll have our own custom fav icon
for this Luv2Shop application.
So then moving down a bit, we can see the menu side bar.
So it simply has our logo image and then it has a list
of categories, books, coffee mugs, mouse pads,
and luggage tags.
And then moving down a bit we're in our page container.
We see the header desk top.
That's the little search form we have at the top
of the application along with the search button.
And then in the far right, we have the shopping cart area.
And notice here, we're making use of fa shopping cart,
that's the Fontawesome shopping cart, that's the glyph icon
for that given shopping cart.
Alrighty, so moving down here to our main content section.
This is where we actually have our list of products
in that grid.
So we set up our divs, and these are a lot
of Bootstrap styles here,
so the main content where we display each product.
So we have the actual product name, description, price,
a link to add to cart.
And we kind of just repeat the process
and also if you click on the actual product image,
it lets you go to the product details page.
All right so just kind of more of the same.
It's a template, so it's just a lot of copy paste there.
Then near the bottom, we have the pagination controls.
So if our database has a large number of products,
we'd like to be able to show that data in different pages.
And then moving down a little bit farther,
we end the page container,
then we have our footer section.
So that's what you see at the bottom of the web page,
just links to About Us, Contact Us, Help,
so on and so forth.
Just very basic stuff there.
All right, so that's kind of the basics here
on the actual home.html template file.
In the following videos, we'll learn
how to take this information and integrate it
into our angular application.